Sharp and Icube Institute
Has 4 times the resolution of full high definition
We released prototype of next-generation LCD TV
This TV was developed by Icube Research Institute
Using ICC (Integrated Cognitive Creation) technology
It occurs when a human looks at a real scene or subject directly
Experience equivalent to cognitive work
What can be obtained when watching a video
The purpose is
I really want to see this feeling of depth
Normally you enter from here
Climb up all the way up
You can see the way to go
Then, here is the distance
Maybe not go about 100 meters
I do not go to there
You can see the bridge instantly
When you say why you understand
Because the eyes scan
From this bridge to here
Go to the stairs, dive and climb
When you scan your eyes
Each position has the correct resolution
As it is not so with a camera
If the focus is on somewhere
There is a lot of bandwidth there
There is no sense of distance if there are no more
Because it is bad
I want to do the next
This time somehow from the incoming electrical signal
The original real world light signal
I want to create a technology to replace video
The video released this time is the video taken with a high-definition camera
Although up-converted to 4K resolution
High resolution video and noise reduction
Not only conventional super resolution technology
Perspective and three-dimensional
It is something to be recognized in a form closer to nature
For example, now there is a broadcast of HD
Though 4K monitor came out
When there is no 4K content
As a goal the electrical signal taken with a 4K camera
From HD signal to 4K signal
It is super resolution to up convert
It's 100% up to 4K
It is only an electrical signal
In the light signal, not the electrical signal
The place where you are making a picture
I want to see
This prototype is from October 4
It will be held at Makuhari Messe
Displayed for reference at CEATEC JAPAN 2011
Sharp and Icube Institute
For practical use next year
We will jointly develop in the future